c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCV_Test.exe.config
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcp110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcr110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_calib3d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_contrib249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_core249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_features2d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg249_64.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_flann249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_gpu249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_highgui249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_imgproc249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_legacy249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ml249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_nonfree249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_objdetect249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ocl249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_photo249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_stitching249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_superres249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_video249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_videostab249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcp110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcr110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_calib3d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_contrib249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_core249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_features2d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_flann249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_gpu249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_highgui249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_imgproc249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_legacy249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ml249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_nonfree249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_objdetect249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ocl249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_photo249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_stitching249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_superres249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_video249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_videostab249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCV_Test.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCV_Test.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.Form1.resources
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCV_Test.exe.config
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.exe
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.pdb
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcp110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcr110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_calib3d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_contrib249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_core249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_features2d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg249_64.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_flann249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_gpu249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_highgui249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_imgproc249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_legacy249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ml249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_nonfree249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_objdetect249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ocl249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_photo249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_stitching249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_superres249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_video249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_videostab249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcp110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcr110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_calib3d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_contrib249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_core249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_features2d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_flann249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_gpu249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_highgui249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_imgproc249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_legacy249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ml249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_nonfree249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_objdetect249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ocl249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_photo249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_stitching249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_superres249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_video249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_videostab249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCV_Test.exe
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCV_Test.pdb
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.Form1.resources
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\OpenCV_Test\OpenCV_Test\obj\Debug\OpenCV_Test.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
