c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Dsp\external\Limiters.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Dsp\external\PushTec.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Dsp\Audio\Loopmasters_TechHouse1_Short.mp3
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Hardware\HIDTest.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.exp
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.ilk
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.lib
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Dsp\external\NK 1001.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Ni.Libraries.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\h3e.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\USBHIDDRIVER.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Midi.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Ventuz.OSC.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Timers.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Threading.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Collections.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Ni.Libraries.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\h3e.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\USBHIDDRIVER.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\USBHIDDRIVER.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Midi.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Ventuz.OSC.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Timers.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Threading.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Sanford.Collections.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\obj\Debug\Avt.Mako.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\obj\Debug\Avt.Mako.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\obj\Debug\Avt.Mako.pdb
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.pdb
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\obj\Debug\Avt.Mako.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\obj\Debug\Avt.Mako.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\Avt.Mako\obj\Debug\Avt.Mako.pdb
