c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.exe.config
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcp110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcr110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_calib3d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_contrib249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_core249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_features2d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg249_64.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_flann249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_gpu249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_highgui249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_imgproc249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_legacy249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ml249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_nonfree249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_objdetect249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ocl249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_photo249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_stitching249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_superres249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_video249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_videostab249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcp110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcr110.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_calib3d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_contrib249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_core249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_features2d249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_flann249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_gpu249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_highgui249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_imgproc249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_legacy249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ml249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_nonfree249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_objdetect249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ocl249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_photo249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_stitching249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_superres249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_video249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_videostab249.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Dsp\external\Limiters.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Dsp\external\PushTec.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Dsp\Audio\Loopmasters_TechHouse1_Short.mp3
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Hardware\HIDTest.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool.exe
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.exp
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.ilk
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Hardware\NIDisplayTool2d.lib
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Dsp\external\NK 1001.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Ni.Libraries.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\h3e.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\USBHIDDRIVER.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Midi.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Ventuz.OSC.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Timers.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Threading.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Collections.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Ni.Libraries.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\h3e.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\USBHIDDRIVER.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\USBHIDDRIVER.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Midi.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Ventuz.OSC.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Timers.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Threading.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Sanford.Collections.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.dll
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.pdb
c:\users\michael.hlatky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.exe.config
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.exe
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.pdb
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.Form1.resources
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\obj\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcp110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\msvcr110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_calib3d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_contrib249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_core249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_features2d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg249_64.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_flann249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_gpu249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_highgui249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_imgproc249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_legacy249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ml249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_nonfree249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_objdetect249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ocl249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_photo249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_stitching249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_superres249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_video249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_videostab249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcp110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\msvcr110.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_calib3d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_contrib249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_core249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_features2d249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_flann249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_gpu249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_highgui249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_imgproc249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_legacy249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ml249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_nonfree249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_objdetect249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ocl249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_photo249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_stitching249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_superres249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_video249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_videostab249.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.exe
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\RbmaSushiPlateDetector.pdb
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.dll
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\Avt.Mako.pdb
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\michael.hlatky\Documents\GitHub\SushiSequencer\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\RbmaSushiPlateDetector\bin\Debug\VimbaNET.xml
